# Ish-Soni-CS428-Project-1
Project 1 of CS428
To use this app you must have Unity 2021.3.6f1 (go here https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download/archive and find the version and download via unity hub) and Vuforia version 10.9 (go here https://developer.vuforia.com/downloads/SDK and click on Add Vuforia Engine to a Unity Project or upgrade to the latest version) installed on your computer and download the app files from the git repository (https://github.com/Dragon0715/Ish-Soni-CS428-Project-1). After extracting the zip file, go into the assets folder and then the scenes folder. Open the Roswell Scene unity file and from there you can open up the app in Unity and begin using it. To use the app click the play button and show one or both cubes in the camera view and the program will display a knick knack of either Ellis Island or the LegoLand Discovery Center that you can freely rotate to explore all sides of the cube. You can see the time, weather, and name of the location as well as the objects that are on top of the cube. You can also flip the cube upside down and then right side up to change the lighting of the knick knack. If you would like to have the app work on your android device, first make sure you have the android build support module added to your unity install (Unity Hub --> Installs --> the gear symbol on the unity version --> add modules --> check mark android build support and install). From there open the project on unity and go to File / Build Settings, click on android and click switch platform and wait for unity to download assets. Then go to Edit / Project Settings / Player / Other Settings and select Minimum API Level to Android 8.0 (API Level 26). Connect your android phone to the computer with the appropriate cable. If USB debugging isn't enabled on your phone then on the phone go to Settings, select Developer options, and then enable USB debugging. If you don't see developer options, go to Settings > About Phone > Build Number and tap the "Build Number" option 7 times to enable developer options. Once developer options are enabled, turn on USB debugging. Finally, in Unity go to File / Build Settings and hit Refresh' next to Run Device. You should now see the connected mobile phone in the dropdown menu. Select the phone and hit Build and Run. If you are prompted to save the apk, save it on your computer. The project will build and run automatically on your phone.
